name residence
alyawarr patrilocal
arabana patrilocal
awabakal patrilocal
badimaya patrilocal
batyala patrilocal
bunganditj patrilocal
dharumbal patrilocal
dhudhuroa patrilocal
dhurga patrilocal
dhuwal patrilocal
diyari matrilocal
easternarrernte patrilocal
gamilaraay matrilocal
gangulu patrilocal
garlali patrilocal
gunditjmara patrilocal
gunggari patrilocal
jiwarli patrilocal
kamilaroi patrilocal
karajarri patrilocal
kariyarra patrilocal
kartujarra patrilocal
katthang matrilocal
kuukuyau patrilocal
malyangapa patrilocal
manjiljarra patrilocal
martuthunira patrilocal
martuwangka patrilocal
mayikulan matrilocal
narrungga patrilocal
ngarigu patrilocal
ngarla patrilocal
ngarluma patrilocal
ngarrindjeri patrilocal
nyamal patrilocal
nyangumarta patrilocal
nyiyaparli patrilocal
paakantyi patrilocal
pallanganmiddang patrilocal
panyjima patrilocal
payungu patrilocal
pintupiluritja matrilocal
pitjantjatjara matrilocal
purduna patrilocal
thalanyji patrilocal
thanggatti patrilocal
tharrgari patrilocal
thurrawal patrilocal
tjapwurrung patrilocal
umpila patrilocal
waanyi patrilocal
wadikali patrilocal
wangkumara patrilocal
warlpiri patrilocal
warriyangga patrilocal
warumungu patrilocal
wathawurrung matrilocal
wathiwathi patrilocal
westernarrarnta patrilocal
wikmungkan patrilocal
wiradjuri -
woiwurrung patrilocal
yandruwandha patrilocal
yawarrawarrka patrilocal
yindjibarndi patrilocal
yirandali patrilocal
yiryoront matrilocal
yortayorta patrilocal
yugambeh patrilocal
